{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red53\green53\blue53;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgray\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22800\viewh14960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
=== Plugin Name ===\
Contributors: postpilot\
Donate link: https://www.PostPilot.io/\
Tags: publishing, content, delivery, postpilot\
Requires at least: 4.7.1\
Tested up to: 4.9.8\
Stable tag: 1.0.0\
License: GPLv2 or later\
License URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html\
\
Delivering your PostPilot assignments from your PostPilot account to your Wordpress-based site.\
\
== Description ==\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 What\'92s great content if it never gets published? At PostPilot, we know you want to focus on growing your business and to spend less time managing content. PostPilot delivers your assignments from your \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PostPilot account directly into your Wordpress account to save you time and headache\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 .\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
== Installation ==\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa510\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 Steps To Install The \cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PostPilot\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Wordpress Plugin\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Activate the \cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PostPilot\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Wordpress Plugin.\cb6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hover over the Settings tab and select \'93\cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PostPilot\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'94\cb6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
On this page, you\'92ll see an \'93Authentication Key\'94 code. Copy this number as you will need it for the next step.\cb6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Log into your \cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PostPilot\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 account and click on your bottom left profile picture, and then select \'93Brand Guide.\'94\cb6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Under your Brand Guide select the \'93Channels\'94 tab. Under this view, select to Manage the Publication that is correlated with the site you just activated the plugin on.\cb6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Under the Manage Publication view, you\'92ll be asked to enter your website\'92s URL in the first field, and then in the second field is where you will paste that Authentication Key you copied from your WordPress site\'92s \cf2 \cb1 PostPilot\cf4 \cb5  page.\cb6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Select to Connect and you should receive a success message.\cb6 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Congrats! You just installed and connected your \cf2 \cb1 PostPilot\cf4 \cb5  WordPress plugin!\cf2 \cb6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
== Frequently Asked Questions ==\
\
= Does the plugin automatically publish my article? =\
\
No. The article will be sent over as a Draft article.\
\
= Does the plugin allow me to control article tags and categories? =\
\
Yes. \cb1 PostPilot pulls your Wordpress tags and lets the author select your most recent Wordpress categories. The author will also include Tags in the assignment. Both Categories and Tags are sent to your Wordpress draft during delivery.\cb6 \
\
= Does the plugin slow down my site? =\
\
No. The plugin was built for speed.\
\
\
== Screenshots ==\
\
\
\
== Changelog ==\
\
= 1.0 =\
* Deliver articles from your \cb1 PostPilot\cb6  account into your Wordpress CMS.\
\
}